CGO 2019 Business Meeting Minutes
Note: On a few items, we took an informal poll (not a vote). There were approximately 30 people in the room, but many didn't participate in the polling.

CGO 2019 PC - Tipp and Alexandra
Test of time paper: consider broadening the range of years that are considered.
Discussion topics
Artifact evaluation - said that it might influence the evaluation, but then changed and said it would be the same as previous years.
Might be useful to also track how many papers are open source
Maybe we should have a website that links to the open source repos and/or the artifacts - note that the latter is linked directly from the ACM DL, but this is not supported by IEEE. Also complicates hosting. When ACM is the sponsor, they also host the artifacts, but this year we had to have them privately hosted.
Local vs distributed PC meeting
Some invitations declined due to travel cost or inconvenience.
Some thought of co-locating PC meeting with another conference (Micro or PACT) - there was general positive consensus - 18 up-votes
If everyone was remote - this was favored by only 5
Another idea was to have multiple locations, and video conference between them - 9 people thought this was an interesting idea

CGO 2019 GC - Mahmut/Zheng
210 unique registrations including workshops
~140 CGO registrants
CC attendance was a large part of the workshops
$130,051 registration income
20 unique student applicants
Students apply directly to SIGPLAN
For SIGMICRO, $5K split among 9 students
NSF, 11 students split $5600
TC-MICRO promised funding but has not yet arrived
IEEE returns 25%, and in ACM years it goes to SIGPLAN, but they always give us money
 
CGO 2020 San Diego - Lingjia/Jason
Venue - lots of discussion of beach vs. downtown vs. UCSD (La Jolla)
Possible excursions - Zoo, Maritime Museum, USS Midway, Boat
There were some reservations about the USS Midway, being a military venue, but they were all from Americans, so it's unclear whether this is really an issue.
Feb 22-26 - overlaps with NDSS
Björn - Don't forget about CC
 
CGO 2021 - Seoul
3rd or 4th week of February (some opinions that March would be better)
Samsung, LG, SK Hynix and others are located in Korea
ISCA '16 in Seoul was a success
Björn - Don't forget about CC
 
Future locations
Discussion of possible US locations (have already some good European proposals): Seattle, Vancouver, Colorado, …
Wide-ranging discussion: compelling compiler courses (Aaron, Jack), autotuning as an additional theme (change name to CGOA),
 
Rotation: Poll for who would be interested in the following options
Maintain status quo: 0
International every 2 years: 11
Europe, Asia, US: 5
 
CGO Submission count: how to increase
Identify other conferences where there are compiler/translation/autotuning papers being submitted, and ask authors whether they might want to consider submitting to CGO
 
Industry track & tool tracks
(See slides)
Consider attending the tools conferences (e.g. LLVM developers conference) and ask them to submit.
 
Paper length and extra page policies
Current policy: 10-11 with unlimited references
Fab proposes 8 but allow appendix
There seemed to be general agreement not to change the submission limit, but the issue is whether to be more flexible for the final paper.
